Add rescaling of reference scales in EchemdbEntry (#115)
echemdb/unitpackage: doc/usage/echemdb_usage.md

entry.figureDescription.scanRate
```

### Changing column units

+++

An entry can be rescaled to new units.

```{code-cell} ipython3
rescaled_entry = entry.rescale({'E': 'mV', 'j': 'A / m2' })
rescaled_entry.df.head(5)
```

The information is updated in the field description of the mutable resource.

```{code-cell} ipython3
rescaled_entry.mutable_resource.schema
```

> An entry can be rescaled to these original units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An entry can be rescaled to its original units.
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
original_entry = rescaled_entry.rescale('original')
original_entry.df.head(5)
```

The information in the mutable resource is updated accordingly.

```{code-cell} ipython3
original_entry.mutable_resource.schema
```

### Shifting reference scales

A key issue for comparing aqueous electrochemical current potential traces is that data can be recorded with different reference electrodes. Hence direct comparison of the data is not straight forward unless the data is shifted to a new reference scale. The shift to a different reference scale depends on the how the value of that reference electrode vs the standard hydrogen electrode (SHE) is determined and sometimes depends on the source of the reported data. 

#### Separate consideration

To mitigate this issue, the `unitpackage.electrochemistry.reference_electrdoes` module, contains reference electrodes currently supported by unitpackage that can be accessed by its API.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from unitpackage.electrochemistry.reference_electrodes import ReferenceElectrodes

ReferenceElectrodes()
```

> The name consits of a common acronym of the reference electrode, followed by the concentration or molality. Other possible names found commonly in the literature for the individual reference electrodes as well as the full name can be accessed fro each electrode. For example the `CE-sat` is commonly shown as `SCE`, e.g., Saturated Calomel Electrode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name consists of a common acronym of the reference electrode, CE for Calomel Electrode, followed by the concentration or molality of the secondary salt, e.g. KCl in this case. Synonyms commonly used in the literature as well as their full name can be accessed for each electrode. For example the `CE-sat` is commonly shown as `SCE`, e.g., Saturated Calomel Electrode.
```
